[Issue 8364][docs] Update decommission content in different releases (#8368)
apache/pulsar: site2/website/versioned_docs/version-2.6.1/administration-zk-bk.md

> For a guide to managing message persistence, retention, and expiry in Pulsar, see [this cookbook](cookbooks-retention-expiry.md).

> ### Hardware considerations

Reviewer: Hardware requirements?

> Bookie hosts are responsible for storing message data on disk. In order for bookies to provide optimal performance, ensuring that the bookies have a suitable hardware configuration is essential. You can choose two key dimensions to bookie hardware capacity:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bookie hosts are responsible for storing message data on disk. To provide optimal performance, the bookies should have a suitable hardware configuration. You can choose two key dimensions to bookie hardware capacity:
```

* Disk I/O capacity read/write
* Storage capacity

> Message entries written to bookies are always synced to disk before returning an acknowledgement to the Pulsar broker. To ensure low write latency, BookKeeper is designed to use multiple devices:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Message entries written to bookies are always synced to disk before returning an acknowledgement to the Pulsar broker by default. To ensure low write latency, BookKeeper is designed to use multiple devices:
```

> * A **journal** to ensure durability. For sequential writes, having fast [fsync](https://linux.die.net/man/2/fsync) operations on bookie hosts is critical. Typically, small and fast [solid-state drives](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solid-state_drive) (SSDs) should suffice, or [hard disk drives](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hard_disk_drive) (HDDs) with a [RAID](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RAID)s controller and a battery-backed write cache. Both solutions can reach fsync latency of ~0.4 ms.

Reviewer 2: I think HDDs can't achieve ~0.4ms data sync latency even if with RAID. @sijie @jiazhai Please help double-check.

Reviewer 3: @codelipenghui . this is not only hdd, it is hdd with raid card(which contains cache)

Author: So HDDs with RAID can reach fsync latency of ~0.4ms, is it right?

Author: @codelipenghui @jiazhai thanks for your comments. Whether you agree on the fsync latency performance, could you please confirm? Thank you.

> * A **journal** to ensure durability. For sequential writes, having fast [fsync](https://linux.die.net/man/2/fsync) operations on bookie hosts is critical. Typically, small and fast [solid-state drives](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solid-state_drive) (SSDs) should suffice, or [hard disk drives](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hard_disk_drive) (HDDs) with a [RAID](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RAID)s controller and a battery-backed write cache. Both solutions can reach fsync latency of ~0.4 ms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A **journal** to ensure durability. For sequential writes, having fast [fsync](https://linux.die.net/man/2/fsync) operations on bookie hosts is critical. Typically, small and fast [solid-state drives](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solid-state_drive) (SSDs) should suffice, or [hard disk drives](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hard_disk_drive) (HDDs) with a [RAID](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RAID) controller and a battery-backed write cache. Both solutions can reach fsync latency of ~0.4 ms.
```

> * A **ledger storage device** is where data is stored until all consumers have acknowledged the message. Writes happen in the background, so write I/O is not a big concern. Reads happen sequentially most of the time and the backlog is drained only in case of consumer drain. To store large amounts of data, a typical configuration involves multiple HDDs with a RAID controller.

Reviewer 2: The ledger storage doesn’t care whether the data is acknowledged by consumers.

### Configure BookKeeper

You can configure BookKeeper bookies using the [`conf/bookkeeper.conf`](reference-configuration.md#bookkeeper) configuration file. The most important aspect of configuring each bookie is ensuring that the [`zkServers`](reference-configuration.md#bookkeeper-zkServers) parameter is set to the connection string for local ZooKeeper of the Pulsar cluster.

Minimum configuration changes required in `conf/bookkeeper.conf` are:

```properties
# Change to point to journal disk mount point
journalDirectory=data/bookkeeper/journal

# Point to ledger storage disk mount point
ledgerDirectories=data/bookkeeper/ledgers

# Point to local ZK quorum
zkServers=zk1.example.com:2181,zk2.example.com:2181,zk3.example.com:2181

# Change the ledger manager type
ledgerManagerType=hierarchical
```

> To change the zookeeper root path that Bookkeeper uses, use zkLedgersRootPath=/MY-PREFIX/ledgers instead of zkServers=localhost:2181/MY-PREFIX

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change the ZooKeeper root path that Bookkeeper uses, use `zkLedgersRootPath=/MY-PREFIX/ledgers` instead of `zkServers=localhost:2181/MY-PREFIX`.
```
